and in aste we are here with a guest
special a new excavated by the channel
recording with us sir there is such a thing
you will have in the description and good if
we started with russell new video by
end solved the sound and good that
tell you that this is a very game
interesting where you see how I contraigo
our first house and how I repeat them
we equip ourselves without doing anything
i
tomorrow we go
and where will have the mother points of mine that
behind a door melted toché is
or with a lot of breaks everything does not have
weapons
but I can not kill him because
There is the closed door
the window careful that is not easy
enter the houses
crazy looters looters
in what's here go now we're going to
kill the uncle and appropriate the house
that has everything going
me but it 's on this side I put my hand
he assaulted 2010
and ready
you will not kill me
here
thompson pants the armor bastards
look
but I do not have around here some gloves
if someone wants wings
blue and what does this have also
I also have franc bullets from
notebooks waiting for option highs
I also eye
shotgun post on a Sunday
I think I know to be
like bullets that I have sulfur not because
we have to give the one that has more
defenses so there's a night and until
the only one in the house
today
what is this
and they have very protected and someone has
shotgun
the codes happen and a fragments of
metal of 150 fernamental
otálora and 1,700 1600 those brou
with the center of the metro and everything
we should make ourselves a house
cargaditos loves of Indian bar
cut
Well, let's go
is home from the open pasture
stone house that had stone house
Stone house
and another huge one let's give us a little bit
more than the wooden window was the
door to the door 123
40 30 2010 to the sun
cl has the door open after
it's already burst open
like bullets that I have sulfides if I do not
because we have to give
and
there is said is not a future of coal
why
50 and in everything starting
and this is already in
he pulled the shit now harder
it's not coal you if you had a wall
open up here the uncle with food
but I am seeing a story to esther a
take for ass
above you have nothing you only 30 of
animal funk and a rifle I'm going to
bring a pistol that I 'm going to
carry that because I want so much to take the
mother whore boots
it was good chávez we left it here and
in the next episode you will see how
we reform the house and we do some
things have liked the video
you know that you have a line with subscribe
comment what you liked what
we liked, of course,
video and see you in the next chao
bye
If you liked media, you only look at a
friend on social networks you can
share it and leave a comment